We would be honored, if you would join us.
After this scene, Anakin goes to inform the Jedi Council of Palpatine's commitments to being a Sith lord.
So Anakin went to whoever was the highest in command at the Jedi Temple, which as we know was Mace Windu.
But what if in this alternate universe Yoda told Mace to go to Kashyyyk while he stayed at the temple himself?
Let's disregard the fact that Yoda said he had good relations with the Wookiees to further our analysis in this story.
Everything changes. Let's dive into it when Anakin told Mace Windu that Palpatine was the Sith lord as we see in this scene here;
"I think chancellor Palpatine is a sith Lord."(Anakin)
Mace does something that [I] don't think any other Jedi would have done.
He irrationally decides to rush the chancellor in the most arrogant way possible. Now
we can see where his darkside powers played with his confidence and brash decisions as we have seen all darksiders fall prey to.
He essentially tells Anakin "Great news boy! Sit back while I and the other worthy Jedi Masters
take care of this new threat that you've just told me about I'll handle this myself." and we all know how that ended....
I understand Anakin was conflicted and Mace was trying to do the right thing, but he was too confident in his abilities rightly
so, because he was powerful enough to back it up.
BUT, he did not make the right choice the right choice a real Jedi master would make a Grand Master Jedi
like Yoda. if Yoda was on the temple grounds while Mace was on Kashyyyk
And Obi-Wan was on (Cant find spelling of this planet sry:C)ower then anakin would definitely have gone to master yoda for Guidance on the matter
He was the only Jedi he spoke [to] about visions of Patmos death while keeping her identity out of it
He trusted yoda's knowledge and guidance on something so personal that he didn't share with windu or obi-wan even it was a known fact
Windu didn't like anakin and anakin didn't like windu for always being so hard on him and untrusting of his actions not to mention
Denying him the rank of Jedi Master going to yoda with this new News of Ocs
Yoda would have not rushed palpatine with the crew of the other Jedi he would have meditated on the matter and seeked guidance of the
entire council as a whole we must note that if it was enough of a topic for all [Jedi] masters to have a
Conference on the topic of Anakin being appointed as palpatine's representative
Then it would definitely have called for a meeting at the unveiling of the sith Lord that they've been searching for since episode [1] after
[calling] his council meeting yoda would have obi-wan and mace windu finished their dealings on their missions and
Returned back to [Korra] [sent] at the [Jedi] Temple since anakin told palpatine that he was going to turn him to the Jedi Council
Yoda would foresee this as a problem until the other Jedi masters arrived back he would send anakin to further
Spy on palpatine to pretend to learn his teachings. This is something and it can secretly wanted to do more than anything
Remember he never wanted to join sidious
He never cared for the sith or even the Jedi
He just wanted to save his wife from dying and to become the strongest and most respected
Force user in the Galaxy you'd return back to
Dean's Office
And tell him he's changed his mind [and] would like to learn more about his teachings to decide whether the Jedi way was right for
him or not
This would by yoda and the others time to meet together and then confront
Palpatine now while anakin went to palpatine he would be told further about Darth Plagueis and his ability to cheat death and all ancient
sith who returned as a Force ghost
Opening his eyes to all aspects of the force just [as] city has told him as he would leave the chancellor's office
he would tell him he'd be back the next day to learn more from him and make his final decision to Join the sith or
Stay with the Jedi order
Waiting on this and needing assistance to fulfill Darth bane's rule of two
Palpatine would wait for Anakin's return the following day during
[this] time obi-wan would have finished his mission and mace windu would have arrived from his long travels on Kashyyyk back to coarsened to meet
with yoda and discuss their plan yoda would tell them that the three of them would go to the chancellor's office and
Question him on what anakin told them doing
So the three Jedi Masters would enter the chancellor's office along with [fists] [O] tin and coal are
The six Jedi Masters would overwhelm sidious
He would have no choice
But to either back down or fight
Sidious being who he is would undoubtedly fight knowing the charade was often enough republic
Igniting his lightsaber he would charge it to me for knowing
They were the weakest of the lot killing them in a blur of bread standing his ground
He would swiftly move over mace and shock yoda with lightning sending him into the wall as he slashed his saber across sisto's abdomen killing
Him with remarkable speed all that was left was obi-wan Kenobi mace windu and master yoda who was getting back up in the attack?
Obi-wan broke the Silence give up Chancellor
It's over we have the high ground as he stood atop the steps next to window
Yoda joined the battle now
Furious at the Loss of his council members flipping and jumping over sidious leaping onto walls and desks
He was so much faster than obi-wan
He couldn't even keep track of him with his eyes as mason obi-wan joined in Palpatine was overmatched
As ObI-wan distracted the chancellor with an attack both mace and yoda
Blasted the sith Lord with a combined effort of force push sending him so hard into the [wall] that he left a gargantuan
Imprint of his back as he fell to the floor
Whimpering in pain yoda and mace took one step closer to him as they lowered their lightsabers to his throat green and purple
Illuminating each side of his cheeks vowing to kill him right there as mace told yoda he's too dangerous to be left alive
oh
God give me
Agreeing yoda and obi-wan watched as mace raised his lightsaber to strike down the evil sith Lord that had been causing so much
Turmoil within the Galaxy
when they heard a voice from behind them I
Need him it was anakin he had come to stop them from killing his only lead to the dark side and possibly saving padme life
After all palpatine was his friend still someone who he looked up to as a father over the years
Yodas idea of telling anakin to stall palpatine by asking him [for] more information on the powers [of] the dark side was dangerous and this
Was why anakin was too curious and now could not let his only lead?
Palpatine to die telling them to stop and that he must be tried in the galactic court of justice that this isn't the Jedi way
Yoda began to frown telling windu that to kill was wrong obi-wan spoke to anakin in defiance
Where anakin would tell him that from his point of [view] the Jedi were evil as palpatine looked up?
He would see the Jedi all turned sideways
Focusing their attention on anakin the time to strike
was now he had all the footage on camera that he needed the three most powerful Jedi Masters coming to his office and trying to
kill him while his hero anakin came to his rescue
He jumped backwards from the ground summoning the second spare lightsaber from resting place in the vaz in his office now wielding two
Identical Red Lightsabers he would raise them in his defense against the Jedi who were sandwiched by him
And anakin as anakin walked towards them he ignited his lightsaber again
Telling them to arrest him yoda shook his head at this betrayal
Yoda sent a surge of the force push anakin back into the wall and through the door knocking him unconscious as
Windu smirked at his master
They continued to corner palpatine who was backed into the corner like a dog
throwing one of his lightsabers at them using
to twirl it around
Creating a force field and a barrier between them while pointing the [others] straight ahead in case they were to attack he reached into his
cloak and contacted commander cody execute order 66
and ordering immediate aid at his office within moments nearly fifty clone troopers patrolling the chancellor's building showed up to draw their weapons on the
Jedi Began to deflect the attacks you with precision as
Master as yoda ran through them his short stature proving helpful in taking out all of their ankles using this advantage
Palpatine cut a hole in the wall
Using his saber and jumped through it taking the elevator to the rooftop and boarding the ship that awaited for him with the clones inside
Ordering them to kill all the Jedi and bring anakin Skywalker to him this would not [be] done as obi-wan yoda and mace windu were
far too powerful to be killed by mere clone Troopers
Just like the battle of geonosis
Where they had each other's backs and protected one another killing every clone that came for them
Sounding the alarm at the temple for all the Jedi to return to the ground immediately
Sending a beacon out regarding order 66. They would check [to] capture Anakin when they saw he was nowhere to be found
He had escaped and most likely with the chancellor
Attempting to take padme with him who refused after she saw who he was turning into would escape to the Jedi temple
Betraying anakin and his quest for power and domination anakin would join the emperor now feeling empty and betrayed
Hating the Jedi for stealing padme even more now this avoided him losing any of his limbs
Ultimately making him more powerful than ever before as the machine to Darth vader and now reaching his potential
as Darth vader the human sith Lord Capable of Force Lightning and
masterful combat acrobatics all the while strengthening his bond with the force through his natural limbs the clones would be hunted down by all the
Jedi in the Galaxy
Losing some but most would survive the betrayal
Palpatine would move to construct the death star as he had already planned
Further training vader in the dark side of the Force just as he had with Maul
But this time better as time would pass and padma's pregnancy would evolve
She would give birth to Luke and Leia at the care of yoda mace and Obi one they would train the Skywalker children from birth
Developing and mastering their gifts and natural talents creating the most powerful beings in the Galaxy next to the shaman of the [wills]
all the while
And it can would train every single day as he grew [older] stronger and more full of hatred he would own his skills and techniques
growing more powerful in the emperor and knowing he could overthrow him any day now his lust for power had grown so full that he
Had no more things to take for his own the emperor knew this he could feel this he knew it was only a matter of
Time until anakin killed him thinking a padme [everyday] and of his children that he never got to meet he longed for the day
He would return to the temple [so] powerful. He would make the Jedi masters who refused to make him a master bow before his feet
that day
was today
Okay guys, thanks for watching part [1] I had to cut it here so that I can give you all a chance to win
the new Lightsaber giveaway all you have to do is share this video that I posted on the Facebook page like
Previous contests before I'll take the names of all the winners enter them into a random selection
Generator and Select the winner if you are anywhere outside of North America
Shipping on Amazon is an issue apparently as they don't ship worldwide from Canada or the us
so if you end up winning
And you're from the uk or Australia
or Japan
even I'll give you the choice of something else that you want such as a gift card to Amazon in your country [or] a
Video game or whatever it may be equivalent to a force effects lightsaber. I'll announce the winner in one week's time
So we'll make this one fast because I know you don't all like to wait so long to find out who won. I?
Sincerely appreciate you all my whole life revolves around this channel
And you guys who watch and comment like and I can't even begin to express the nice feeling I get from reading your messages
So thank you again, and here's to starting 2017 together
I'm really excited as a growing star Wars community and the best Star Wars community
Thank you all from the bottom of my heart and let me know in the comments below how you'd like part two to go which
I'll have out and exactly seven days [so] let's aim for next Saturday. Thank you everyone
I'll see you all in the comments below and in tomorrow's video of Star Wars theory until then remember
we'll be within always
now, fulfill your destiny